-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6                              - Bullseye Round                               9
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The game first starts off with the Bullseye Round. The goal of the Bullseye
Round is to determine how much money each family could be eligible to receive
if they win the whole game. If the option for the Bullseye Round was set to
"No", then this round will be skipped, and each family will only be eligible to
receive a maximum of $5000 dollars after winning the game.

Each family member will have a face-off one-by-one, starting from the captain
and ending with the last one in the line. At the face-off stand a surveyed
question will be asked and either of the contestants have to ring-in in order
to be able to answer. A contestant can ring-in from the time the box is blank
in the game to a few seconds after the question has been fully asked. If no one
rings-in to answer the question and the timer buzzer goes off, the game will
ignore the face-off and continue on to the next step. If a contestant rings-in
and answers correctly, they have won the match. If the answer was wrong, the
other contestant will have the opportunity to answer. If they answer correctly,
they won the match, but if both contestants get a wrong answer, the game will
continue on to  the next step.

Upon winning a match, the winning family member's family will be eligible to
receive a greater amount of money. The first match is worth $1000, the second
match is worth $2000, the third worth $3000, the fourth worth $4000, and the
final match worth $5000. The maximum amount either family can receive upon
being the first ones to successfully answer each question is $20,000.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6                               - Single Round                                9
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first actual round required to play, and what helps on determining who will
be the winner of the game is the Single Round. The round starts off similarly
of how the Bullseye Round face-offs are. For detailed rules about the face-off
in this round and future rounds, visit the Face-Off subsection. The family
member who wins the face-off has the option to "pass or play" the question. If
the winning family member chooses to pass the question to the other family, the
other family must answer the question due to being the playing family. If play
was chosen, the family member's family will be the ones who're answering the
question.

The playing family order begins from the family member who comes after the
member who was in the face-off last (example: if the third member was the last
one to be asked a question in the Bulls-Eye Round then the fourth member begins
the Single Round). For every answer a family member gets incorrect, the family
will receive a strike. In sequential order each family member has an
opportunity to answer the question until three strikes have been received, or
until all available answers are have been exhausted. If the family receives
three strikes, the other family has the opportunity to steal the points that
are in the bank. The stealing family has one opportunity to answer the
question, with the captain required to give the answer (NOTE: Originally on
the television game show the stealing family would "huddle up" before the
playing family has three strike to determine the best answer to say). If the
stealing family says a correct answer that has not already been said they
receive the points. If they are wrong the playing family receives the points
from the bank. If the playing family can provide all answers on the board
before receiving three strikes, they receive the points from the bank.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6                                - Double Round                               9
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Double Round plays similarly as how the Single Round plays, but with a few
differences:

  - There are a fewer amount of answers available for the questions
  - The amount of points from each answer doubles when going into the bank
  - The family member after who did the face-off in the Bulls Eye Round will be
      the next one to face-off

Everything else in the round will play equally as it did in the Single Round.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6                                - Triple Round                               9
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Triple Round plays similarly as how the Double Round plays, but has a few
more changes to accommodate it being the last competition round:

  - There are more frequently fewer answers possible than the Double Round,
       though that is not always the case
  - The amount of points from each answer triples when going into the bank

After the Triple Round has completed, a family must reach 300 points or more
in order to be the one who moves on to the Fast Money Round. If no family
reaches 300 points or more this round will be continuously played until a
family does reach 300 points. Once a family reaches 300 points or more, they
will be the winning family and will move on to the Fast Money Round. The family
who lost will be finished playing the game and will not win anything.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6                              - Fast Money Round                             9
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The family who will only play this round is who has at least 300 points
after completing the Triple Round. They will be eligible to receive the amount
of money that was specified before the Single Round started. Since one family
is not in the game anymore, this round is less of a competition and more
concentrated on your ability to provided quick responses to the asked survey
questions, and try to have the answers said be the ones worth the most points.

This round is the only time where there will be questions asked containing
answers with numbers. As it is impossible to input numbers for questions
asking a non-numerical number, this will also be the only round where numerical
answers can be entered. If a question requires a number to be used as an
answer, the cursor will be on the number zero by default, and the ability to
enter letters will be disabled (although blank spaces can still be entered).

This round requires two family members to play. By default the game will choose
the first two members in the line-up (NOTE: In the television game show any two
members of the family can play the round).

The first family member will approach the face-off stand while the other would
be put in the isolation booth (not shown in this game, although in the
television game show the other family member who is also in Fast Money Round
must not know what answers that is on the board). Five questions will be asked,
and there will be one minute and 40 seconds to answer all of them if the timer
was enabled in the options menu. There are no pauses in the timer after the
first question has been asked.

The question can always be passed by leaving the answer box blank and by
pressing Start or going to "End" and pressing the confirm button on the
controller. Once all five questions are answered or if time runs out, the
answers will be displayed on the board. Once all of the answers are displayed,
it will be time for the other family member to approach the face-off stand to
play the round (but remember, they ARE NOT suppose to know the answers that
are already on the board!). The same questions will be asked again in the same
order, and two minutes will be given this time to answer all of the with the
timer enabled.

No answer on the board that gave points can be answered again, though any
answer that was said previously and gave no points is fine to say (normally in
the television game show even if the answer previously said resulted in no
points, it could not be said again). Once all questions have been answered or
if time runs out, the board will display the rest of the answers given and the
points they result.

If 200 points or more have been accumulated as the total, then the family has
won the whole game! The family will receive the amount of money that was
mentioned before the Single Round. If the total is less than 200 points, the
family will receive the amount of money based on this formula:

    [Total Points for the Round] * 5 = [Total Amount of Money Received]

The minimum amount that can be received if the family lost the game is $0, and
the maximum amount they can receive if they also loss would be $995 (199
points). If a player made it to the Fast Money Round, a password will be
provided along with displaying the total final amount of money the family has
after the family has been congratulated on the amount they have won (even if it
was nothing! (BFHKMP)). The option to continue or start a new game will also be
provided if a player won. By continuing, the game will be played through again,
with everything the same except for each individual round. By starting a new
game, you will be back at the title screen.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
6                                 - Face-Off                                  9
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This section is not actually a round in the game, but instead was created as a
separate section in order to help you understand how the face-offs work in the
game. Face-offs occur throughout the game when two families are against each
other. This section only applies to the Single Round, Double Round, and Triple
Round of the game.

There will be two family members, one from each family - which are called
contestants - at the face-off stand (NOTE: Typically in the television game
show each contestant would shake hands before the face-off officially begins,
but this game just ignores this rule). It begins first with announcing what
type of people and how many people were surveyed, and then the surveyed
question will follow. The contestants will first have be able to ring-in as
soon as the box is blank, and until a few seconds after the question has been
fully asked.

The first contestant who rings-in will be given the opportunity to answer the
question. If the answer is on the board, it will be displayed along with the
amount of points it is worth. If the answer is the number one answer on the
board (the one worth the most points), the answering contestant will have won
the face-off. If the correct answer is not number one, the other contestant
will have the opportunity to answer the question also. If this answer is in
higher position on the board than the current one up there, this contestant
wins the face-off. If the answer is in a lower position, the other contestant
loses the face-off. If both answers are worth an equal amount of points, the
first contestant who answered the question will be considered the winner of the
face-off.

If both contestants say an incorrect answer, they will be switched with the
next family member in their line-up. The same question will be asked, and the
family who has the contestant who rung-in first will be the one to get to
answer first. If the same question is asked to everyone (asked five times to
all ten family members) and no one has given a correct answer, the question
will be ditched and a new question will be asked, starting with the contestants
who originally were up at the face-off stand. If both contestants do not
ring-in in the amount of time given and the buzzard sounds, the contestants
will switch with the next family member in line and a new question will also be
asked. The face-off will continually proceed until someone says an answer that
is on the board.